hi so the first bridge is actually the
fourth purge cuz you know the Xbox one
is actually the third and oceans eight
came out after eleven like Episode four
was released before three is its just
realizing that numbers and movies they
don't matter this is the chronological
order in which the movies should be
placed so far and you know they all deal
with the annual purge that only happens
in America where all crime is legal for
12 hours I'm not really different from
what I personally don't get how it's
supposed to release anger right like
that's the purpose of the purge but if I
was living during this time and
throughout that night my neighbor Miguel
tried robbing me and he accidentally
sets my house on fire what am I just
supposed to go to next week's cookout
after it's all done and act like nothing
happened
obviously like many movies nowadays you
know what once used to be a Blum House
low-budget thriller is now an American
staple that comes out every July 4th
like ironically the first one focused on
a rich white family now it's on the
complete opposite side of the political
spectrum
I heard someone actually say on Twitter
that these movies were racist Republican
propaganda how brah I'm a cartoon and
even I know better than that like how
how close your eyes have to be to get
that like this thing incorporates
Russian spies into the mix there's a
scene where random dude in a sewer just
grabbin by the [ __ ] so they can bring
that up and since I know some of you
won't get the subtlety right just in
case the poster for this movie is a mega
hat and all that said I personally think
it's a renter I still think that you can
put all the political things to the side
and still enjoy it for the thriller it's
supposed to be your you know maybe even
like the political stuff it's not top
tier plumb house I'm not saying it's a
great movie but somehow they found a way
to create five movies out of one in this
bad boy
let me explain so like I said there's
clearly the political side right like
it's a political thriller type of movie
since it takes place in March 2018 and
Aunt May over here is this doctor this
sort of like Sciences who's thought up
this experiments where they're going to
close out Staten Island and pay people
five thousand dollars just to stay there
for twelve hours with some Kanye West
contact lenses but the thing is is that
crime is completely legal for this night
in this specific location and if Al Gore
has taught you anything it's that
science and politics they're always
going to intermingle we then get this
conspiracy movie where the government's
main motivation isn't you know to like
figure out the human psyche but they
want to purge out all of the pee
right they want to decrease the
population specifically minorities in
certain areas now 1 for this Belko
experiments which I don't know they may
combine both of these movies as well
it's obviously meant to weed out all of
those people who are going to sign up
because they need the money and then you
don't have to pay them because they're
gonna kill themselves inside and 2 when
this actually becomes an annual
tradition it's still aiming to kill the
poor people because it's the poor people
who can't afford they can't afford a
fence much less than ADT $3,000 security
system obviously the experiment was
supposed to expose how if you put
minorities in one location and you give
them free range you know minorities
they're savages they're just gonna want
to kill each other because that's
supposedly all we want oh yeah the first
thing they do is throw a black party
because they're not about that obviously
this pisses off the main political dude
because you know he he doesn't want to
pay $5,000 to each one of these
individuals he wants them to die so
while there are a few crises within this
world right people were like drug
addicts and people who are looting and
stuff like that it turns out guess what
not all minorities want to do evil he
finds a way however to manipulate and
kill these innocent folks out there who
are just having a good time
by first killing off Marissa Tomei
calling in armed forces disguised as
civilian so they can cause a ruckus and
even causing some Klan members who ride
in fighting in their dresses if you
don't wear them as you ride up that just
defeats the purpose fame is [ __ ] fine
now yes y'all can make the parallels on
you know this metaphor and the 80s with
crack cocaine of exploiting certain
areas and manipulating them you know
there's a whole nas album about it but
either way we know that this dude gets
his way cuz the purge becomes an annual
thing I don't know what stats they go up
providing or you know proving that
stabbing someone once a year relieve
stress but I do laugh at the fact that
the purge movies you know it's not just
people doing drive-bys or releasing any
type of anger they straight turn into
serial killers you got crazies walking
around like Michael Myers this dude
right here looks like Freddy Krueger
with syringes others look like damn
Batman super villains like how do we go
from people committing crimes that
listen to like say Takashi to MF DOOM
fans wanted to take over the world
we of course also have our main group of
minorities that we follow throughout the
movie there's this sibling duo this lady
who I personally think she was really
funny the third act
hello too funny cuz there's people
getting mutilated and then my man from
insecure who went from laying beats to
just slaying rednecks in this movie
there there's actually a certain point
like I said where we're going from a
political thriller to a horror slasher
to a damn action flick where this man
turns into a blade I kid you not whole
third act is actually him performing a
judge dredd going up this building to
save his friends he's pulling our ride
redemption as he kills these neo-nazis
floor-by-floor and there's even like a
one-take that they do in a stairway
where you know I'm not saying this is a
quality movie but shoot sometimes fast
food hits the spot by the end of the
movie the main crew survives which I
don't know if that means they're gonna
be in another sequel another movie maybe
the TV show but so does the idea of the
purge since all of a sudden killing
people is deemed successful and while
this one did get darker while this one
is more political the movie does end on
a positive note with Kendrick Lamar
reminding us that no matter what happens
we gonna be alright but like now I
understand how the Hunger Games came to
be thank you guys for checking out this
video I'm curious know your thoughts
down below in the comment section your
theories on where they can take the
franchise considering that in the leg
they had a post-credits scene when
really it was just the credits happening
and then they like break into an
announcement for a USA TV miniseries
that they're gonna come out with in
September so it's right around the
corner curious to see what they're gonna
do with that here is to see is you know
you know Belko experiment I believe is
the same company so I mean they had the
same chick who was in that movie as well
maybe they'll combine those two but I'm
curious know your thoughts on it did you
enjoy just like a thriller I know there
were some people after our screening who
were like yo yeah this has to do with
the projects and you know guns and the
ghetto is the movie show they they're
not from Lowell Rey right they're from
the government there's there's a lot to
talk about in this movie so I'm curious
to know your thoughts on it you what
you're looking forward to don't forget
to comment like and subscribe and I'll
let you in to my annual purge party